DOCS-3077, DOCS-3037, DOCS-3038 AppSec Landing Page, Getting Started, Setup n Config (#12951)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/appsec-getstarted-2.md

   The library collects security data from your application and sends it to the Agent, which sends it to Datadog, where [out-of-the-box detection rules][202] flag attacker techniques and potential misconfigurations so you can take steps to remediate. 
   
1.  **To see Application Security threat detection in action, send known attack patterns to your application**. For example, trigger the [Security Scanner Detected][203] rule by running the following curl script:
    <div>

>     <pre><code>for ((i=1;i<=200;i++)); <br>do<br># Target existing service’s routes<br>curl https://your-application-url/existing-route -A Arachni/v1.0;<br># Target non existing service’s routes<br>curl https://your-application-url/non-existing-route -A Arachni/v1.0;<br>done</code></pre></div>

Author: I added "by running a file that contains the following curl script:" to mitigate this

   The library collects security data from your application and sends it to the Agent, which sends it to Datadog, where [out-of-the-box detection rules][202] flag attacker techniques and potential misconfigurations so you can take steps to remediate. 
   
1.  **To see Application Security threat detection in action, send known attack patterns to your application**. For example, trigger the [Security Scanner Detected][203] rule by running the following curl script:
    ```

>     for ((i=1;i<=200;i++)); 

Reviewer: This previews as `for ((i=1;i&lt;=200;i++));` (note the `&lt;`)

    do
    # Target existing service’s routes
    curl https://your-application-url/existing-route -A Arachni/v1.0;
    # Target non existing service’s routes
    curl https://your-application-url/non-existing-route -A Arachni/v1.0;
    done
    ```

>     <div class="alert alert-info"><p><strong>Note</strong>: The <code>Arachni/v1.0</code> user-agent is likely to be blocked by a web application firewall sitting in front of the web application. If this happens, use the built-in <code>dd-test-scanner-log</code> canary rule.</p>
>     <pre><code>for ((i=1;i<=200;i++)); <br>do<br># Target real routes<br>curl https://your-application-url existing-route -A 'dd-test-scanner-log';<br># Target non existing paths<br>curl https://your-application-url/non-existing-route -A 'dd-test-scanner-log';<br>done</code></pre></div>
> 

Author: ```suggestion

```

   The library collects security data from your application and sends it to the Agent, which sends it to Datadog, where [out-of-the-box detection rules][202] flag attacker techniques and potential misconfigurations so you can take steps to remediate. 
   

> 1.  **To see Application Security threat detection in action, send known attack patterns to your application**. The *Security Scanner Detected* rule features three cases:

Reviewer 2: I feel the rule needs a greater introduction. Here it feels a bit dropped without context

Author: Yeah, I was thinking I would hunt down a link to the rule, when it's available. I'll leave this comment open until I get a chance to do that.

      - INFO / Random scan
      - LOW / Real routes targeted
      - MEDIUM / HTTP 5xx server error triggered

      Trigger this rule by running the following curl script:
      ```
      for ((i=1;i<=200;i++)); 
      do
      # Target existing service’s routes
      curl https://your-application-url/existing-route -A Arachni/v1.0;
      # Target non existing service’s routes
      curl https://your-application-url/non-existing-route -A Arachni/v1.0;
      done
      ```

>       <div class="alert alert-info"><p><strong>Note</strong>: The <code>Arachni/v1.0</code> user-agent is likely to be blocked by a web application firewall sitting in front of the web application. If this happens, use the built-in <code>dd-test-scanner-log</code> canary rule.</p>

Reviewer 2: @stombre please validate it'll be available in some libs by Feb 3rd

Reviewer 3: Available for Node.js!

      <pre><code>for ((i=1;i<=200;i++)); <br>do<br># Target real routes<br>curl https://your-application-url existing-route -A 'dd-test-scanner-log';<br># Target non existing paths<br>curl https://your-application-url/non-existing-route -A 'dd-test-scanner-log';<br>done</code></pre></div>

>       A few minutes after you enable your application and exercise it, **threat information appears in the [Application Security page][201] in Datadog**.

Reviewer 2: Application Security Page could read as Application Trace and Signals Explorer

Reviewer 2: Worth adding a screenshot of a triggered signal? https://a.cl.ly/kpu48Nwz

Author: Yes! will do

>       A few minutes after you enable your application and exercise it, **threat information appears in the [Application Security page][201] in Datadog**.

Author: ```suggestion
      A few minutes after you enable your application and exercise it, **threat information appears in the [Application Trace and Signals Explorer][201] in Datadog**.
```
